I am not keeping back facts. 	I am keeping back facts.	contradiction
I wouldn't worry about my youngster.	Worry about my youngster.	contradiction
No one need sit up. 	Sit up.	contradiction
However, not all critical processes will be new or unique to a specific weapon system.	However, all critical processes will be unique or new to a specific weapon system.	contradiction
Don't be a cynic.	Be a cynic. 	contradiction
The newer Palheiro Golf Club  is in the Sao Goncalo hills 15 minutes east of the center of Funchal.	The Palheiro Golf Club is in the center of Funchal.	contradiction
Sorry, Tuppence.	Sorry, Tuppence.	contradiction
I don't know.	I know.	contradiction
Congress was not required to fund an LSC attorney to represent indigent clients; and when it did so, it was not required to fund the whole range of legal representations or relationships.	Congress was required to fund an LSC attorney	contradiction
is no contest.	Is contest.	contradiction
The problem is, little else in his book suggests that this dream will become reality.	The book suggests the dream will become reality.	contradiction
They do not reflect EPA endorsement of these spending levels.	They do reflect EPA endorsement of these spending levels. 	contradiction
Goodness and purity maketh not much of a column.	Goodness and purity maketh much of a column.	contradiction
Grace and consistency?	Consistency?	neutral
The Provost's House on the southwest corner of College Green was built in the late 18th century and is one of the finest houses in the city.	College Green is the finest House in the city.	contradiction
We must also hope that he does not weight his conversation to talk of impeachment and partisan politics.	We must also hope that he does weight his conversation to talk of impeachment and partisan politics.	contradiction
I guess the professional always scores over the amateur in the end.	The amateur always scores over the professional in the end.	contradiction
Don't rely on public transport, either, because the bus service is extremely limited.	The bus service is extremely limited.	neutral
The Postal Service has an additional disadvantage because city carriers deliver only addressed advertising mail.	Only city carriers deliver advertising mail.	neutral
Amarillo Dumas Panhandle	Amarillo Dumas Panhandle	neutral
Gatekeepers and the Social Control of Social Research.	Gatekeepers control social research.	contradiction
Department of Labor's Board of Alien Labor Certification Appeals.	Department of Labor's Board of Alien Labor Certification Appeals.	neutral
The Unabomber's neighbors said Kaczynski was hardly odd enough to worry  We've got other ones around here that act a lot farther out than he ever was.	 The Unabomber's neighbors said Kaczynski was odd enough to worry a lot	contradiction
We will not have enough.	We will have enough.	contradiction
On the Utility of Ethnographic Research for the Policy Process.	Research for the policy 	neutral
Try not to visit both sites on the same day.	Try to visit both sites on the same day.	contradiction
Is there someone in there?	Is someone in there?	neutral
I don't quite know, said Tuppence meditatively.	I know, said Tuppence 	contradiction
Of course, we never rejected people for being too flaky.	We rejected people for being flaky. 	contradiction
I admit I do not wish it. 	I admit I wish it.	contradiction
As such, the figures in Table 2 should be seen as inputs into the AMIGA model, not outputs of the model.	The figures in Table 2 should be seen as outputs into the AMIGA model.	contradiction
but i don't think they	I think they	contradiction
Not all Republican moderates are Moderates.	All Republican moderates are Moderates.	contradiction
Auditing is not the be all and end all to solve the problems in the business place.	Auditing is the be all and end all to solve the problems in the business place.	contradiction
For example, the budget projections do not reflect the costs of laws that are regularly extended for a few years at a time, such as continuing payments to farmers that have been provided for the last three years or extending tax credits due to expire.	the budget projections do reflect the costs 	contradiction
She was chagrined at The Nation 's recent publication of a column by conservative education activist Ron Unz arguing that liberal education reform has been an unmitigated failure.	Liberal education reform has been an unmitigated failure.	neutral
No, I said as a friend of mine knew a young gal.	I knew a young gal.	neutral
And most troubling, as I said before, we don't know what SIDS is in the first place.	We know what SIDS is in the first place.	contradiction
The government will pay hospitals not to train doctors . This nationalizes a $400-million New York state subsidy scheme that aims to reduce the surplus of doctors.	The government will pay hospitals to train doctors. 	contradiction
But the warm-hearted, high-spirited Neapolitans in no way feel themselves inferior to the cool, pragmatic  managerial  types of the vibrant northern cities.	Neapolitans feel inferior to the northern cities.	contradiction
The helicopter had been drafted into military service, so we took a train back down to Large.	We took the helicopter back to Large.	contradiction
A subcategory of accuracy is consistency.	Accuracy is a subcategory of consistency.	contradiction
and i still live in the same area it's it's built up somewhat and crime really hasn't been a problem it's been uh uh mostly outsiders coming in and you know robbing or breaking into automobiles and stealing uh	Crime hasn't been a problem	neutral
At the same time, top Enron executives were free to exercise their stock options, and some did.	Top Enron executives were free to exercise	neutral
Glass baubles, some as big as golf balls, have replaced real jewels in the mosaics.	Real jewels have replaced glass in the mosaics.	contradiction
On Meet the Press , he insisted that the $150 he allots to each person's monthly insurance premium is not a cap.	The $150 is a cap.	contradiction
I missed the era of free love while in grade school and am wondering if we are now in the era of free looks.	We are now in the era of free looks.	neutral
Its factories feature the latest generation of industrial robots that don't eat, don't sleep, and never strike.	Robots eat, sleep, and strike.	contradiction
It turned out that all electricity here was d.c., conjured up by commanding the electrons in a wire to move in one direction, and completely useless with a.c.	All electricity here was a.c.	contradiction
What the  	What the	neutral
I don't care.	I care.	contradiction
Overall, 62% attributed being injured either somewhat (24%) or mostly or totally (38%) to be the result of drinking.	62% attributed being injured totally to drinking.	contradiction
For this reason, CBO's projections do not reflect the full cost of maintaining current policies if maintaining those policies would require enacting new legislation.	CBO's projections do reflect the full cost of maintaining current policies	contradiction
I don't know exactly when.	I know when.	contradiction
'Don't be coy.	Be coy.	contradiction
It is possibly the most tried and true dramatic plot known to man.	It is the most dramatic plot known to man.	neutral
Because they are not postal employees, we do not include them in postal labor costs.	Because they are postal employees, we do not include them in postal labor costs.	contradiction
The lake and its islands were his inspiration for the story about the adventures of a group of children who are left to their own devices one summer in an age when innocence and security were taken for granted.	The innocence and security of the children were taken for granted.	neutral
Finkelstein is not breaking new ground here.	Finkelstein is breaking new ground here.	contradiction
some people do i know	I do know some people	neutral
The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule states that the final rule was not analyzed under Executive Order No.	The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule states that the final rule was analyzed under Executive Order No.	contradiction
The first is Coyaba River Garden and Museum.	The first is Coyaba River Garden Museum.	neutral
mean is we moved closer, in,	mean is we moved closer, in,	contradiction
Subverting racial labels is not the same as subverting racism.	Subverting racial labels is the same as subverting racism.	contradiction
This need is surely not new.	This need is new. 	contradiction
oh that's interesting see because i've never really grown strawberries lot of tomatoes but never really strawberries	I've never grown tomatoes	contradiction
Don't you remember? 	You don't remember?	contradiction
But since rates based on content are seldom the outcome of competitive forces, such an effort would in all likelihood fail.	The effort would fail.	neutral
Given the range of uncertainty about future economic changes and the responses to those changes, the simulation results should not be viewed as forecasts of budgetary or economic outcomes 50 or 75 years in the future.	The simulation results should be viewed as forecasts of budgetary or economic outcomes 50 or 75 years in the future.	contradiction
mean is we moved closer, in,	mean is we moved closer, in,	neutral
In honor of Slate's first birthday, as well as the United States of America's 221 st , Slate will not publish next week.	Slate will publish next week. 	contradiction
Patricia Perry believed that the recommendation was not yet comprehensive.	Patricia Perry believed that the recommendation was comprehensive.	contradiction
They could feel that the cost of the worksharing is small and that they receive an improvement in service.	The worksharing cost is small	neutral
In no other city in the world are millions of visitors so conscious of the portentous lives of people who lived here thousands of years ago.	Millions of people lived in the city thousands of years ago.	neutral
well if that's not the problem it	That's the problem 	contradiction
You are not serious, Poirot?	You are not serious, Poirot?	contradiction
Slate . If you don't know what cookies are, in the technical, computer sense, you almost surely can ignore this warning.	If you know what computer cookies are, ignore this warning.	contradiction
It adds that prior light truck standards have not been viewed as having federalism implications warranting preparation of a Federalism Analysis.	It adds that prior light truck standards have been viewed as having federalism implications 	contradiction
There must be no hushing up.	There must be hushing up.	contradiction
But not many people ever do it.	Many people do it.	contradiction
Take a look around the incongruous pink Taj Mahal shopping mall or Soni's in the center of town.	Take a look around the incongruous Taj Mahal shopping mall or Soni's in the center of town.	neutral
Taxes on contribution and investment income are deferred until amounts are withdrawn.	Taxes are income 	neutral
Park and loop routes serve cities and their inner suburbs while curbline routes serve the outer suburbs.	 Park and loop routes serve cities and their outer suburbs 	contradiction
The basis for claiming generalizability is explicit in a good case study.	Claiming the generalizability is explicit in a good case study.	neutral
Sorry, Tuppence.	Sorry, Tuppence.	neutral
The once densely forested fells and valleys were a safe and bountiful territory for prehistoric hunter-gatherers, and later, around 2500 b.c. , after the forests had receded due to changes in weather patterns, settlers used the clearings in the lowlands for small-scale farming.	The settlers used the clearings and the forests in the lowlands for farming.	neutral
Bush's recession and Gingrich's Congress.	Gingrich's recession and Bush's Congress.	contradiction
Imme?­di?­ately to the right of Jesus is the weighing of the souls, with Saint Michael trying to stop Satan from cheating.	Jesus is trying to stop Satan from cheating.	contradiction
In most cases, there are no markets in which to directly observe WTP for these types of commodities.	In most cases, there are markets in which to directly observe WTP for these types of commodities.	contradiction
Still, I do not like to hide what I am.	I like to hide what I am.	contradiction
In actuality, it was the population of Jamaica who discovered him Columbus was really lost, thinking that he had found another route to Asia.	Columbus had found another route to Asia.	contradiction
Expense data are expressed in nominal dollars for the fiscal year being reported upon and the preceding 4 fiscal years.	Expense data are expressed in nominal dollars for the fiscal years.	neutral
Submission of Report	Report of Submission	contradiction
Outside auditors bear varying degrees of responsibility for these recent failures, but they don't bear all the responsibility.	The outside auditors bear all the responsibility. 	contradiction
Not exactly. 	Exactly.	contradiction
Most of the conference attendees, including Solidarity leader Adam Michnik and Poland's President Alexander Kwasniewski, participated in the 1989 talks that led to a Solidarity government.	The 1989 talks led to a Solidarity government.	neutral
You don't need to read the results off graph paper.	You need to read the results off graph paper.	contradiction
This is not a contradiction.	This is a contradiction.	contradiction
I ”I don't understand.	I understand.	contradiction
The FCC responds to the concerns expressed in the comments, especially those comments from incumbent and potential users of the spectrum regarding the feasibility of spectrum sharing between the new unlicensed devices and incumbent and proposed primary services, in the Report and Order.	In the Report and Order.	neutral
By the way, an old corporate pro once told me never to discuss anything of importance in a bathroom or an elevator.	Never discuss anything of importance to me in a bathroom or elevator.	neutral
The relationship it describes may strike many as exploitative or ugly for other reasons, but it is not illegal.	The relationship is illegal. 	contradiction
These terms are not intended for general application to other federal financial transactions.	These terms are intended for general application to other federal financial transactions.	contradiction
The small Chapel of St. Francis Xavier is dedicated to the 16th-century patron saint of missionaries, and has on display the elbow of the saint, along with the bones of numerous Japanese and Vietnamese martyrs.	St. Francis Xavier is the patron saint of martyrs.	contradiction
Disclosures that run on for pages are not understandable.	Disclosures that run on for pages are understandable.	contradiction
That I don't want it to end.	I want it to end.	contradiction
11As noted in section 3, simulations are illustrative and do not represent forecasts.	simulations are illustrative and represent forecasts.	contradiction
but we do don't we	We don't	contradiction
I could see by the expression on his face that he himself had little hope. 	He had hope.	contradiction
This is not the first prolonged interruption of inspections.	This is the first prolonged interruption of inspections.	contradiction
hi Fernando i'm Bill	hi Bill i'm Fernando	contradiction
It is possible to emphasize this topic without stating that it should take precedence over other issues or have a certain amount of resources devoted to it.	Other issues should take precedence over it.	contradiction
Such work, like other performance audits, involves a level of analysis, research, or evaluation; may provide conclusions and recommendations; and results in a report.	And results in a report.	contradiction
Republicans would prefer not to be defined by their position on abortion.	Republicans prefer to be defined by their position on abortion.	contradiction
I don't understand.	I understand.	contradiction
Thus it is not available when notice and comment procedures have been used.	Thus it is available when notice and comment procedures have been used.	contradiction
The hypocrisy buster?	The hypocrisy buster?	neutral
In the other factor, the federal CIO tends to be constrained by organizational attributes typical of the federal sector.	The federal CIO tends to be constrained by organizational attributes	contradiction
This is certainly not a cantina fixture.	This is a cantina fixture.	contradiction
Just beyond Seixal, heading east, it is well worth taking a short detour to make the steep climb up to the attractive spot of Chao da Ribeira.	It is worth the short detour	neutral
yeah out here in California there's a program like that for uh juvenile delinquents the the ones that are not dangerous and they don't have to be locked up go to these uh camps	They are not dangerous	neutral
Martin has indeed been in many bad movies recently, and he certainly benefited from Tina Brown's editorial policy of publishing anything at all if it was written--or dictated over the phone--by a celebrity.	He benefited from Tina Brown's editorial policy	neutral
The final rule does not impose a federal mandate, as defined by title II of the act, on either state, local, or tribal governments or the private sector of $100 million or more in any one year.	The final rule does impose a federal mandate, as defined by title II of the act, on either state, local, or tribal governments or the private sector of $100 million or more in any one year.	contradiction
Route du Vin	Vin du Route	contradiction
everybody else was an import	Everybody was an import	neutral
We don't want to be worried with an inquest.	We want an inquest.	contradiction
An increase in the number of households is expected to cause an increase in mail volume.	An increase in the number of households is expected	neutral
The oddly named education IRA is not a retirement arrangement.	The IRA is a retirement arrangement.	contradiction
We haven't kidnapped your cousin.	We kidnapped your cousin.	contradiction
A more accurate title for the edifice is the High Kirk of Edinburgh.	The title of the edifice is High Kirk of Edinburgh.	contradiction
It does not include expenses for internal Federal education and training.	It does include expenses for federal education training.	contradiction
To date, SAEM has not agreed to a separate category.	SAEM agreed to a separate category. 	contradiction
Have you never suspected it?	You suspected it?	contradiction
Note that the possibility of contracting out is not limited to operations prior to delivery.	Note that the possibility of contracting out is limited to operations prior to delivery.	contradiction
He simply asked what animals ate.	He asked what he ate.	contradiction
There's not the sympathy there was, and a growing disposition to let the Irish settle their own affairs without interference from America." Tommy felt that Boris had shrugged his shoulders as he answered: 61 "Does that matter, since the money only nominally comes from the States?"	Boris shrugged as he answered: 61 "Does that matter, since the money only nominally comes from the States?"	neutral
Just because it's in stock doesn't make it less real.	Just because it's in stock doesn't make it real.	contradiction
there is no single reality on which inquiry may converge, but rather there are multiple realities that are socially constructed, and that, when known more fully, tend to produce diverging reality.	Multiple realities produce diverging reality.	neutral
I share your distaste for journalists talking about themselves, and I don't propose that we print our names every time we ask a question.	I propose that we print our names every time we ask a question.	contradiction
An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants.	An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to increase the period of transitional unemployment 	contradiction
Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Appropriations Act, 1984, Pub.	Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Appropriations Act, 1984, Pub.	neutral
The direct health effects of nitrogen oxide gases and sulfur dioxide gases are also unquantified.	Nitrogen oxide gases and sulfur dioxide gases are unquantified.	neutral
Environmental Health Perspectives.	Environmental Perspectives. 	contradiction
Holding cash or nonfederal financial assets would not reduce debt held by the public but would reduce the net debt of the federal government.	Holding cash or nonfederal financial assets would reduce debt	contradiction
So you don't have to carry your bags.	So you have to carry your bags.	contradiction
Chang ...	Chang	neutral
Perhaps physicians, especially male physicians, have more authority in that population, which may affect whether patients take advice.	Patients take more advice.	neutral
Taking him into my confidence would be the best thing either way, so I told him everything except where I believed the papers to be hidden.	I told him where I believed the papers to be hidden. 	contradiction
TEST METHODS	TEST METHODS	contradiction
The equation is not automatic or perfect.	The equation is perfect.	contradiction
yeah yeah you don't want to go out and get beat to death but	You want to get beat to death	contradiction
TEST METHODS	TEST METHODS	neutral
Regional Differences.	Regional Differences.	neutral
Limestone stoichiometry is the number of moles of Ca added per mole of SO2 removed.	 Limestone stoichiometry is the number of moles of SO2 added per mole of Ca removed.	contradiction
The top curve incorporates any wage premium the Postal Service may have, the bottom curve nets out Wachter's 29.	The top curve incorporates Wachter's 29.	contradiction
Don't say it! 	Say it!	contradiction
12612, NHTSA determined that the proposed rule would not have sufficient federalism implications to warrant preparation of a Federalism Assessment.	NHTSA determined that the proposed rule would have sufficient federalism implications	contradiction
Theoretically scale economies in delivery are not firm specific.	Scale economies are  firm specific.	contradiction
You do not see? 	You see?	contradiction
Russian troops are gathering near the Chechen capital of Grozny, though they have not announced plans to invade the city.	Russian troops are not near the Chechen capital	contradiction
and i don't know if they make landscape ties that aren't treated	I know they make landscape ties that aren't treated	contradiction
In addition, in the Enron case, plan participants were not allowed to sell company stock in their 401(k) account when the stock price was declining rapidly due to a pending change in plan administrators.	Plan participants were allowed to sell company stock in their 401(k)	contradiction
Meeting the Federal IT Workforce Challenge, Federal CIO Council, Education and Training Committee, June 1999.	Meeting the Federal IT Workforce Challenge, Federal CIO Council, Education and Training Committee, June 1999.	neutral
The Jardin d'Acclimatation is an amusement park with plenty of attractions for shows, rides, and a small zoo.	The Jardin d'Acclimatation is an amusement park with a small zoo.	neutral
While the pollution taxes would discourage some activities that are counted in the GDP, the reduction in other taxes would encourage other such activities.	The reduction in other taxes would discourage other activities.	contradiction
well um you mentioned another hobby sailing do you have a sailboat	You do have a sailboat	neutral
Chang ...	Chang	contradiction
no it's a necessity	It's a necessity 	contradiction
At the extreme, U.S. population densities are as high as French population densities.	 At the extreme, French population densities are as high as French population densities.	contradiction
I am not gay.	I am gay.	contradiction
Was it a joke?	Was it a joke?	neutral
However, not all studies of a small number of instances are case studies.	All studies of a small number of instances are case studies.	contradiction
Absolutely not.	Absolutely	contradiction
This is remarkable in light of the much lower population densities in the U.S.	This is remarkable in light of the population densities in the U.S.	neutral
Untouchables pressed for better treatment, but their cause was not helped by the activism of American missionaries and the Salvation Army, who gave other castes a good excuse to resist  foreign interference.  	Untouchables and their activism helped the other castes resist foreign interference.	contradiction
Once there was a stinging sensation, as if he were receiving the transfusion.	He was receiving the transfusion.	contradiction
The tour takes you through the studios, film sets (when not in use), sound stages, and props department, and offers a glimpse of other behind-the-scenes activities.	The tour takes you through the studios, film sets (when not in use), sound stages, and props department, and offers a glimpse of other behind-the-scenes film activities.	neutral
All you need is a pair of comfortable shoes and a map.	All you need is comfortable shoes and a map.	neutral
Lifeguards are not common.	Lifeguards are common. 	contradiction
The Spanish settlers in 16th-century Jamaica, having tired of the disease-ridden Nueva Sevilla in the north, looked for a new site for their capital city.	The Spanish settlers looked for a new site for their capital city.	contradiction
Just don't tell them.	Tell them.	contradiction
Zelon works to ensure that her misdemeanor court is a relatively welcoming place for the defendants she comes face to face with on a daily basis.	Zelon comes face to face with defendants on a daily basis.	neutral
uh-huh oh really yeah that's when my nephew's birthday is and he goes well you should have it on the fifteenth so we'll see	My nephew's birthday is on the fifteenth	neutral
Likewise with  Most of the 22 million Americans who've tried it have had no trouble walking away from it.	Most Americans have trouble walking away from it.	contradiction
Tradition says that a woman wiped the sweaty, bloody face of Jesus here and an imprint was left on the cloth.	The face of Jesus was left on the cloth.	neutral
This is not an antitrust violation.	This is an antitrust violation.	contradiction
There is no pretense that this is about tourism or about a nice night out or this is entertainment.	There is a pretense that this is about tourism 	contradiction
However, Nepal is not all mountains.	Nepal is all mountains.	contradiction
The path which is charted in this report is a marathon, not a sprint.	The charted path in the report is a sprint.	contradiction
half the time they'll say well when he showed up at the door he didn't really look quite like his video and i just wasn't real sometimes they really burn each other it's really kind of funny but	He didn't look like his video	neutral
The point is not that downsizing is in and of itself a mistake.	Downsizing is a mistake.	contradiction
These other professional standards are not incorporated into GAGAS, but can be used in conjunction with GAGAS.	These other professional standards are incorporated into GAGAS. 	contradiction
But it is not a transitional problem.	It is not a transitional problem.	contradiction
Development grants are for a fixed amount, not to exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project.	Development grants are to exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project.	contradiction
Unions protest that the government has not fulfilled promises made to labor.	To unions the government has fulfilled promises made to labor.	contradiction
They don't involve delivery of services, Atlas said.	They involve delivery of services, Atlas said.	contradiction
government would have to borrow again from the public to finance deficits over the long run, the simulation implies that, absent policy or economic change, debt held by the public could be fully eliminated before the end of the decade.	Debt held by the government could be fully eliminated before the end of the decade.	neutral
yeah or um-hum what area do you work in	do you work	contradiction
Is it not so? 	It is so?	contradiction
Scientists point out that transplanting animal tissue into human embryos is far more imminent than human cloning.	Transplanting animal tissue into human embryos is far more imminent than human cloning.	neutral
Officials performing administrative approvals usually are responsible for fewer aspects of a transaction.	Officials performing administrative approvals usually are responsible for fewer aspects of a transaction.	neutral
Privilege is above and beyond the normal.	Privilege is the normal.	contradiction
They may love the partner.	They love the partner.	neutral
the initial regulatory flexibility analysis.	Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.	neutral
Nor can we simply ascribe their market dominance to advertising.	We can simply ascribe their market dominance to advertising.	contradiction
No Free pizza.	Free pizza. 	contradiction
You do not object?	You object?	contradiction
The oldest remaining part of the castle is the Record Tower (1258), visible as you leave the upper yard.	The Record Tower is visible as you leave the upper yard.	neutral
Things were not always so peaceful here.	Things were always peaceful here.	contradiction
The more cautious interpretation is that the case investigators don't want to repeat the forensic errors made in the Simpson case, and they figure Scheck and Lee know the pitfalls better than anyone.	Scheck and Lee know the pitfalls better than anyone.	neutral
China is not 10 feet tall.	China is 10 feet tall.	contradiction
As more people live longer, there will be relatively fewer workers supporting each retiree unless retirement patterns change.	As more people live longer, there will be more workers 	contradiction
Affirmative action is good for you, supporters told the New York Times . The University of Michigan, for one, cites statistical evidence to argue that affirmative action benefits not only minority students but all students.	Affirmative action benefits all students.	neutral
Don't stop the research.	Stop the research.	contradiction
What the  	What the	contradiction
Danvers was a damned clever fellow  " He broke off as if he had said too much.	He had said too much.	neutral
 Don't forget that many large hotels offer evening activities every night of the week, and you don't need to be a guest of the hotel to participate.	You need to be a guest of the hotel to participate.	contradiction
You do not agree? 	You agree?	contradiction
2) I said no more than Blumenthal has already admitted.	I said more than Blumenthal admitted. 	contradiction
The gardens also have collections of caged birds and small animals.	The gardens also have collections of caged birds and small caged animals.	neutral
South of Skala is the small resort of Grikos Bay.	Skala is south of Grikos Bay.	contradiction
or  You're the greatest in Japan!  	You're the greatest in Japan!	neutral
Speculations were idle.	Speculations were idle.	neutral
I do not know.	I know.	contradiction
Selenastrum capricornutum (without EDTA) Growth, IC25 21 58.	Selenastrum capricornutum Growth, IC25 21 58.	neutral
They reach out to help people who frequently have nowhere else to turn for legal assistance on tax matters.	They reach out to help people who have legal assistance on tax matters.	contradiction
He told her, says the publication, that his relationship with Hillary was now nothing more than a political alliance that would end when his term did.	His alliance with Hillary would end when his term did.	neutral
The coast here is all but uninhabited.	The coast is uninhabited.	contradiction
It reveals a peek at such tricks of the trade as the B-tank, where Moses parted the waters in The Ten Commandments, and New York Street, a facade of brownstones made of fiberglass that has been aged to look like real brick.	It reveals a peek at such tricks of the trade as the B-tank, where Moses parted the waters in The Ten Commandments, and New York Street, a facade of brownstones made of real brick.	contradiction
I don't believe in professions.	I believe in professions. 	contradiction
The Commission further notes that no commenting parties raised issues specifically in response to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis, and that no significant alternatives were considered.	No alternatives were considered.	neutral
No, I do not think so. 	I think so.	contradiction
More ominous than the French were the forces of Sir Francis Drake.	The French were more ominous than the forces of Sir Francis Drake.	contradiction
That is a rough description of what Kevin Phillips later called the emerging Republican  the crowd whose voting habits were molded by the act of detesting the likes of Bobby Kennedy--politicians who never worked a day in their lives, who were eager (so the perception went) to oppress the plain folk with burdensome taxes in order to fatten the undeserving poor, eager to sell out America's military supremacy out of some guilt-ridden moralism.	That is a rough description of Kevin Phillips 	neutral
The three sources of economic growth in the model are increased labor input, capital accumulation, and the advance of total factor productivity.	Economic growth increased	neutral
sturdier crops broccoli and things like that you have to really water it a lot when it's when it's young like that and it's in the heat but then	you have to water broccoli a lot when it's young like that 	neutral
Professor Martin asserted that LSNY has no plans under consideration to exercise its powers as the sole corporate member to force any changes on the boards of the local corporations.	LSNY has plans to force changes on the boards of local corporations.  	contradiction
Besides, a father confessor should be elderly, it is not at all the role for a young man. 	A father confessor should be a young man.	contradiction
One need not be an expert in evolution or zoology to understand that pointing at dinner rather than catching it is not a successful evolutionary strategy.	Catching dinner is a successful evolutionary strategy. 	neutral
Also, the other woman was slowly edging her up the passage.	The other woman was edging up the passage.	neutral
In other words, government saving decreases by $1,120 (or government dissaving increases by that amount, depending on the government's surplus/deficit position for the year).	government saving increases by $1,120	contradiction
They were no longer completely sure of themselves.	They were sure of themselves. 	contradiction
Kingston replaced Port Royal as the commercial center of the island.	Port Royal replaced Kingston as the commercial center of the island.	contradiction
Nor am I claiming that Reagan single-handedly produced the result.	Reagan single-handedly produced the result.	contradiction
Step out of the hotel and your senses will be bombarded by a range of sights, sounds, smells, tastes, and textures that let you know that you could only be in Jamaica.	The hotel could only be in Jamaica.	neutral
Such data is not drawn directly from the financial records.	Such data is directly drawn from the financial records. 	contradiction
This scheme is far from perfect, but uninsured kids already get the hospital care they need when they're sick because hospitals pass unpaid costs along to states and private insurers.	This scheme is perfect, uninsured kids get hospital care when they're sick and hospitals pass the unpaid costs to states and private insurers.	contradiction
The Secretary of Health and Human Services	The Secretary of Health and Human Services	neutral
The Provost's House on the southwest corner of College Green was built in the late 18th century and is one of the finest houses in the city.	The Provost's House is the finest house in the city.	neutral
It is not our culture.	It is our culture. 	contradiction
Of course not all shoddiness is local.	All shoddiness is local.	contradiction
You could be truthful and say your own version of I was overcome by curiosity about this much talked about doc, and now I know his work is as good as yours.	His work is as good as yours.	neutral
auditor may recommend a greater role for users if they are not involved in approving alternatives or validating system requirements.	 auditor may recommend a greater role for users if they are involved in approving alternatives 	contradiction
Unit and system operating constraints provide system-specific realism to the outputs of the model.	System realism 	neutral
They were also instrumental in the creation of the archaeological museum that houses the Hermes of Androsea second-century copy of a statue originally sculpted by Praxiteles.	The archaeological museum houses a statue sculpted by Praxiteles.	contradiction
Here are only some of its most representative 	Here are only some of its most representative	neutral
The book ends with a reflection on the argument between those intellectuals who advocate an organic relationship with the black community and those who aspire to transcend ethnic considerations, suggesting, affably, that the choice must be left, in our individualist culture, for each of us to make for ourselves.	The book ends with the argument 	neutral
Change is not the problem.	Change is the problem.	contradiction
Since none of the staff told you, I  Don't publish it.	I publish it.	contradiction
West of Damascus Gate and Highway 1 is the new city of West Jerusalem.	Highway 1 is west of the new city of West Jerusalem.	contradiction
And, if you don't mind, Santa, when you send it to my mom, please don't route it through Washington.	Santa, send it through Washington.	contradiction
